███╗   ███╗███████╗███╗   ███╗ ██████╗
████╗ ████║██╔════╝████╗ ████║██╔════╝
██╔████╔██║███████╗██╔████╔██║██║     
██║╚██╔╝██║╚════██║██║╚██╔╝██║██║     
██║ ╚═╝ ██║███████║██║ ╚═╝ ██║╚██████╗
╚═╝     ╚═╝╚══════╝╚═╝     ╚═╝ ╚═════╝ 
-- [ MIRRORSMOKE MERCENARY COMPANY ] --
>>>>>>>>> ((   PILOT NET   )) <<<<<<<<< 

# MSMC Transport Carrier // 2.21.5014u
The squad finally met each other en-route to the recently-rediscovered planetoid known as **HERCYNIA**. Guided by MSMC Commanding Officer **SNAKEMAN**, Squad **DELTA-ECHO-ECHO-ZULU** was given a rudimentary team-building exercise known as Virtual Training. 

Together, they managed to overcome a simulated sortie wherein the team were required to defend a small fortress from on-coming forces, in order to gauge their teamwork and adaptive abilities. Due to quirks within the simulation that the party had exploited together, the operation was a resounding success even if it's difficulty was far lower than what could be expected from them upon the field. None the less every pilot involved, despite the unique circumstances of their formation, performed well enough to be approved to go on the mission.

After the exercise, **SNAKEMAN** rests his cane against his body and starts applauding their efforts. He mentions that there will be more training coming up, so get used to it and enjoy the commodities on the ship while they still can - there's no knowing how civilized this new planet is. 

# MSMC Transport Carrier // 3.01.5014u

After a week's worth of what could only be described as hell-on-cradle, the squad begins to properly gel together - if only a tiny bit. **SNAKEMAN** assembles the squad for their last briefing under his wing. He mentions that he really didn't give them an honest rundown of the current mission, and sends them the initial tasking packet to their slates. He also mentions that the **MSMC** are subcontracted from **UNION**, so the operation is under finer scrutiny than usual.

1. Union’s imperative dictates that the squad treat the situation with utmost care. Hercynia is potentially populated by some sort of indigenous human culture, but the evidence is unclear.
2. The current holder of Hercynia’s charter is Landmark Colonial, a subsidiary of SmithShimano Corpro. The Squad is to make contact with Landmark’s representative on the ground first in order to present their credentials and integrate into the local hierarchy.
3. Hercynia was once subject to a widespread and catastrophic SecComm expeditionary campaign. The records lack detail, but building from what has been recovered from the old Union Colonial Mission indicates that the Second Committee mounted a handful of similar campaigns against resistant populations. This likely accounts for the massive amount of radiation, distress signals, encrypted comms, and general “noise” coming off the world. The squad should expect to encounter old Union military infrastructure in the form of unexploded ordinance, waste radiation, and possibly even abandoned ground-based installations.

 **SNAKEMAN** mentions that it's now time for the squad to depart on a smaller transport craft, and to ensure ~~a larger profit~~ the squad's safety, they'll be under stasis while in transit.
