# MSMC Transport Carrier // 2.21.5014u
The squad finally met each other en-route to the recently-rediscovered planetoid known as **HERCYNIA**. Guided by MSMC Commanding Officer **SNAKEMAN**, Squad **DELTA-ECHO-ECHO-ZULU** was given a rudimentary team-building exercise known as Virtual Training. 

Together, they managed to overcome a simulated sortie wherein the team were required to defend a small fortress from on-coming forces, in order to gauge their teamwork and adaptive abilities. Due to quirks within the simulation that the party had exploited together, the operation was a resounding success even if it's difficulty was far lower than what could be expected from them upon the field. None the less every pilot involved, despite the unique circumstances of their formation, performed well enough to be approved to go on the mission.

After the exercise, **SNAKEMAN** rests his cane against his body and starts applauding their efforts. He mentions that there will be more training coming up, so get used to it and enjoy the commodities on the ship while they still can - there's no knowing how civilized this new planet is. 

# MSMC Transport Carrier // 3.01.5014u

After a week's worth of what could only be described as hell-on-cradle, the squad begins to properly gel together - if only a tiny bit. **SNAKEMAN** assembles the squad for their last briefing under his wing. He mentions that he really didn't give them an honest rundown of the current mission, and sends them the initial tasking packet to their slates. He also mentions that the **MSMC** are subcontracted from **UNION**, so the operation is under finer scrutiny than usual.

1. Union’s imperative dictates that the squad treat the situation with utmost care. Hercynia is potentially populated by some sort of indigenous human culture, but the evidence is unclear.
2. The current holder of Hercynia’s charter is Landmark Colonial, a subsidiary of SmithShimano Corpro. The Squad is to make contact with Landmark’s representative on the ground first in order to present their credentials and integrate into the local hierarchy.
3. Hercynia was once subject to a widespread and catastrophic SecComm expeditionary campaign. The records lack detail, but building from what has been recovered from the old Union Colonial Mission indicates that the Second Committee mounted a handful of similar campaigns against resistant populations. This likely accounts for the massive amount of radiation, distress signals, encrypted comms, and general “noise” coming off the world. The squad should expect to encounter old Union military infrastructure in the form of unexploded ordinance, waste radiation, and possibly even abandoned ground-based installations.

 **SNAKEMAN** mentions that it's now time for the squad to depart on a smaller transport craft, and to ensure ~~a larger profit~~ the squad's safety, they'll be under stasis while in transit.

 # MSMC Shuttle Carrier // 3.18.5014u

As the squad awake from their month-long stasis and set their sights on the planet known as **HERCYNIA**, the drop carrier's captain notifies them to suit up - and make sure to borrow some EVA gear if they don't have any. Time is of the essence, and time is money. The squad straps into one of a few dropships, and preps for the descent.

As they approach the world, their ship’s SIGINT deck reports that Hercynia is throwing off an incredible amount of noise – likely because it is a post-collapse SecComm “punching bag” world littered with old, decaying military infrastructure, and ruins – and they find themselves unable to get clear signals. All of this matches the thin profile pushed to them by local flightcomm. Unfortunately, optics are shot as well. Hercynia appears to be socked in under a planetwide monsoon season, blanketing all but the most extreme poles with thick cloud cover.

The squad lands safely, dismounts from the shuttle, and begins assembling their gear as a small group approaches the shuttle. The group introduces themselves as a militia, with **BRAVA HADURA** as their Commander. She quickly informs them to get moving – and stay low, as there's a sniper in the area. The shuttle then begins its automated launch sequence, only to return a year from now.

# Evergreen // 3.22.5014u
After a few days of rest to allow them to get acquainted with the local area of Evergreen, the squad had successfully made contact with the various key figures of Evergreen including the Colonial Adminstator **PATIENCE** and their Attache **EDENA JI**. The group was informed of the situation around Evergreen and the reason for the distress signal, the raiders began a few months prior with the destruction and slaughter of an entire farmstead and have continued to periodically make attacks on Evergreen ever since. Many of the Milita and old-guard of Evergreen believe the raiders to be **EGREGORIANS**, a supposed species that was said to have existed on Hercynia prior that began to demonstate usage of simple tools, however Patience disregards the idea has a ghost story, instead offering photos to prove the raiders to simply be other humans.

Their first mission involved them meeting up with **CASTOR FIELDING**, the Head Engineer of Evergreen, in order to gather engineers and milita members to repair the landing bowl for the colony in order to regain access to large shipments of supplies for the colony. The squad also decided that, afterwards, they would continue onward to hunt down the sniper that had been discovered within the local area. During the escort, the squad was attacked by a group of raiders who appears to be testing the edges of the defense of Evergreen, however through **ZEE**'s mobility, combined with **EURYALE** and **CERBERUS**'s aggressiveness, and **PATCHES** and **MELLIFERA**'s tactical support the group was able to quickly secure and transport the engineers safely, forcing a retreat from the enemies. Not long after, they were hailed with an immediate distress signal.

The Sniper had Struck Again.
